note: why now ? Why imagine possible to make a browser ?

- Well I already have a js parser so I know js is not that complicated.
  I think it's not that hard to make a html parser (I've played with one
  in ocamlnet when applying for a job at mylife).

- The HTML5 spec seems very clear on the semantic of HTML, DOM, error recovery
  and even maybe the rendering. Explicit stated goal of HTML5 is 
  make it possible to write a browser without reverse engineering
  the other one :)

- the pocket reference of html, js, css are not that big. It should be possible
  to do a browser for the most used elements/attributes/APIs/styles. Lots
  of stuff in firefox and webkit are here for legacy reasons; if start
  with clean state then maybe not that long to reimplement

- I don't have to implement a full browser; something that would be
  good enough to parse facebook stuff should already be useful for
  the company!

- could be a good way for me to learn about HTML and javascript and CSS :)
  (hmm but it didn't really work for PHP so not sure writing a parser
  for a language make you learn that much the language)

- Coding codemap showed me cairo rox and it's not that hard to do complex
  graphics and text. Codemap itself then showed me the code of mmm 
  is not that big and that the code of firefox/chrome/... is way too big.

- it took too long for firefox/chrome to get very basic features IMHO.
  they still don't have expose! and chrome still does not have intelligent
  history when using the URL bar. Moreover everybody wow firefox and
  chrome for certain new features that really should not be wowed; 
  it should have take a few hours to implement it ...

- could be complementary of ocsigen :)

- could be able then to automate web stuff :) (can program
  emacs and w3m but it's tedious)

- could be useful to have a faster watir driver, easier to test our site.
  could be used to crawl all facebook pages recursively ?

We had at some point the desire to make a better lynx, with colors with
pixel (but then discovered lynx --color and later elinks)

tests:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acid1

